Fitting in with the Ralfons
========================

Mr.  And Mrs.  Ralfon, the crazy people who lived in Kisner Dr.  Number 13, were finally done spray painting the gazebo on their roof.  They were very pleased, since it fit the rest of their house perfectly with its Graffiti style paint job.
“Finally!” Mrs.  Ralfon exclaimed while wiping the paint from her hands onto the roof, “It’s perfect.”
“Yes, Adamandia.  Lirnot will love it,” Mr.  Ralfon replied, looking down to the driveway to where their motorcycle was parked.  Having fallen unconscious in the sidecar of the family’s motorcycle on the way to his new home, Lirnot was the Ralfons’ new adopted ten year old.
The Ralfons now had everything they wanted; their greatest fear was that their new child would turn out to be average – they did not care if he was above or below average, all they wanted was for him not to be average.  Their pride lay in being different from every other family in every way that was not majorly inconvenient.  They chose graffiti to be the style of their decor, since they were not planning on moving; built a gazebo on their roof, because they wanted to save ground space for things that were required to be on the ground; drove a motorcycle merely on a whim; and were half nocturnal because they loved how quiet the world was at night.  Admittedly, there were some minor downsides such as how noisy it was when they fell asleep – at noon.
When Lirnot Ralfon woke up, he was propped on the railing of a gazebo against one of the posts that held up the roof and was precariously close to falling down onto the sharply slanted roof and down to the thistle-covered lawn below.  In front of him were his new parents, Adamandia and Hethin Ralfon.  They had paint covered clothing that purposefully clashed and were smiling at him in an almost disturbing manner.  An albino crow perched on the weathervane on the gazebo and cackled. 
When he lost consciousness, he had been hoping to wake up to a normal house.  He thought that they might just have had a bad clothing day.  Despite how unlikely that was, he had clung to that shred of hope as for dear life.   (continue flashback – reason for tired)
“How do you like the view?” Mr.  Ralfon asked without taking the disturbing grin off of his face. 
The Ralfon’s Graffiti covered house lay on top of a small hill in an otherwise perfectly flat suburb area.  The fence was made of barbed wire and was splattered with various colors of paint.  All of the other houses were painted white and had black roof tiles, while his new home was painted rainbow colors and covered with psychedelic designs made of spray paint that apparently spanned the whole skill range.  Whereas the other people’s gardens were filled with flowers and vegetables, the Ralfon family garden had Venus flytraps and pitcher plants.  The surrounding area was ordered in a perfect grid pattern – not Lirnot’s idea of a beautiful view.  The house on the other hand was very...  Exotic and looked like the different parts of it had been built on a whim and without an overall plan in mind, not exactly what he was expecting.
“Um… Yea… Nice.”
No response.
“I like the contrast.  It makes this house special.”
Mr.  Ralfon’s eyebrow twitched.
“Err…” Lirnot found this awkward and started studying the grain of the wood on the post he was leaning against.
“Well then, dinner time it’s getting late,” Mr.  Ralfon suddenly said.  Apparently, that was that and Lirnot’s new family hustled out of the gazebo, down the trapdoor, and into the house.  Lirnot really did not know what to do.  Why was dinner time now? It was almost noon.
“Come in, son,” Mrs.  Ralfon said as she poked her head out of the trapdoor.  Confused and with his curiosity piqued, Lirnot carefully climbed down into the house.
Dinner was surprisingly delicious if a little abnormal; fried snake meat with okra, poached squid on a bed of smoked banana peels and drizzled with pomegranate chutney, and sauerkraut sorbet for dessert.   The disturbing part was how old the style of their plates was.  It was positively medieval.  They ate on stale bread, literally, and fed the leftovers to the pet warthog – Pimple.  Thinking optimistically one could squish the section of the meal that was most distasteful into the bread – that was nice, but the decision of what was the most revolting was brain rackingly difficult.  He noticed that Mrs.  Ralfon was particularly successful in disguising the squid as bumpy bread.  Mr.  Ralfon repeatedly praised his wife on her artistic skills, while he fed her enigmatic masterpiece to the warthog.  After dinner there were no dishes to clean, but there was a very sleepy Pimple snoring in the corner with a piece of squid stuck between its teeth.
Suddenly, the Ralfons changed; they stiffened up and moved off towards what was apparently Lirnot’s new room in a ritualistic manner.  They marched through the cataclysmic living room; through the bathroom, which was the corridor; up the circular stairs that reminded him of a lighthouse; along the glass skyway; and into his mug shaped room.  His room was completely empty except for a fire pole that apparently permitted him to slide down into the living room below.  The space between the floor and living room was surrounded by insulated Plexiglas, so that he would not get cold.  Interestingly, the pole was hollow and had steam flowing up it and out of a straw-shaped chimney on top of his room.  The walls were bare and the floor was covered with spray cans with a large variety of obnoxious paint colors.
After telling him that he could paint the inside of his room however he liked, his parents left and shut the door, which was painted on the outside, but not on the inside.  Lirnot stared at the cans of spray paint for a while, at a loss for what to do.  His new parents obviously were not joking that they wanted him to paint his room, but he found that the colors that he was given would make it hard to sleep at night – some of them would even glow in the dark.  Realizing that he had to do something, he played around with the paint on the floor until he found a mixture of paints that made a soothing dark woody brown and painted the whole room that color.  Then, he cleaned up, ordering the cans nicely and sticking them in a corner.
When his parents came in, they were obviously appalled at what he had done to their new room.  Disappointed at how normal his paint job was and annoyed by the orderly state of the place, they nodded gravely and led Lirnot out of his room and into the sidecar.  As he was driven around town so that he could choose his own furniture, Lirnot repeatedly let his parents down, choosing furniture that fit together.  The only thing that they did not have too much trouble accepting was his medieval theme.  Everything was made out of dark wood.  Lirnot did not know why the furniture he wanted kept on appearing in the garage sales, but it did.
Nothing, though, annoyed Mr.  And Mrs.  Ralfon so much as the space efficient manner that he arranged his furniture in after they had been to the shopping mall to buy certain things that were not available at garage sales.  Everything was put in such a place as to be convenient and out of the way.  His new parents led him into their room in order to show him how it was really done.  It was catastrophic.  Lamps were upside down, important items were buried under piles of random stuff, and there was a messy pile of books on the bed.  That, they said, was what a room should look like – nothing useful should be visible or easy to access.  Lirnot’s room, on the other hand, had everything useful easy to find and to access.
When his siblings, Heeth and Morn, came back from the sleepover party they had been at, they threw their backpacks on the kitchen counter and went upstairs to see Lirnot’s room.  When they saw how tidy it was they shook their heads and slid down the fire pole to tell Mr.  And Mrs.  Ralfon of their disagreement with who they chose to adopt.  Unlike Lirnot’s expectations, they did not nag him about how normal he was like most kids would.  Rather, they tried to show him the ropes of life in what the Ralfons called their museum of disorder.
In an attempt to make Lirnot’s room slowly fit into the rest of the house, the Ralfons dropped splotches of paint and gunk on his furniture every once in a while and excitedly watched it accumulate.  Lirnot mostly did not notice it, since it simply made the change between his room and the rest of the house less drastic.  Eventually, he could not help but notice it.  The whole room was full of paint, gunk, and sawdust.  He tried extremely hard to get rid of it, but each midnight it was worse than the previous noon.  Rather than making progress, Lirnot was fighting a losing battle against the forces of untidiness and was nearing desperation.
One midnight, though, he noticed that the room was perfectly clean – there was not a single dust speck in the whole room.  While the sudden cleanliness of his room annoyed Mr.  And Mrs.  Ralfon, the fact that it had happened in a sudden inexplicable manner was apparently the best present they had received since they were married.  As well as Lirnot could explain it, it had happened as if by magic.
After that incident, he became part of the family and he no longer felt alienated by his preference for cleanliness.  Once, when he came back from the barber, he had been given a clean cut that his parents hated so much that they cut his hair with scissors.  He actually did not like the cut either – it had been the cheapest that the barber would give him since the barber wanted to test it out before selling it at a normal price.  While he did not like the original hairdo, he simply could not stand having hair that had been cut with scissors while his mom, who was cutting his hair, looked the other way.  It was a complete mess.
Somehow, when he woke up, his hair was sticking up on end and at a consistent length.  It looked kooky enough to appease his family while Lirnot could accept wearing it.  Actually, he quite liked it.  Once his parents saw the hairdo, they shouted for joy and were so excited that they offered to buy him a new wardrobe.  Lirnot had brought three changes of clothes from the orphanage, so he was delighted.  Anticipating his love for medieval things, they bought him brown clothing and garb that dated in style back to the Dark Ages.  Somehow, they were there wherever they looked for them.
Overjoyed at their choice of style, Lirnot notice his hair turning green.  It did that rarely, possibly because he was almost never that happy.  He could not explain it, but whenever something made him really joyful his hair would turn his favorite color – green.  Unlike him, his family noticed his hair and that did nothing to lessen their happiness.  In fact, it made them even more ecstatic; finally Lirnot had distinctly crossed, even leaped past, the boundary into fitting right in with the family.  Mom and Dad completely accepted their son and were satisfied with him.  He was in the club undeniably and past the point of return – past the event horizon of weirdness.
Afterwards, when Lirnot did something normal like fit in at school or take part in a sleepover, his parents would just smile and think of his abnormalities.  His siblings accepted his liking for normal board games like Chess and Stratego, playing with him in a suspiciously relieved manner as if they were thankful for an excuse to do something normal.  They also had fun doing abnormal activities like carving elaborate chess sets by hand, painting them with small spray paint bottles, and embedding them with fake gems.  Heeth was the best at envisioning what pieces should look like, Morn was good at understanding Heeth’s ideas and making a rough carving of them along with descriptions that Lirnot could understand, and Lirnot would create the actual pieces.
“Where is the b7 round engraver?” Morn asked while working on the dress of a queen piece.
“I have it…  Here you go.  Could I have the g2 gem indent nib?” Lirnot requested as he hunched over a bishop.
“Sure” 
“Morn, what do you think of this idea?” Heeth asked while making a final once-over of her description of a different queen model; she loved to formulate queen ideas and made ones that spanned from teen ages all the way to what Lirnot guessed was around a thousand years old.
After a couple months of making chess sets, they finished a set that looked so lifelike one almost expected the set could play on its own.  Lirnot caught himself wishing it did.  After cleaning the set carefully, he and Morn set up the set and were about to play when they were called in for dinner.  When they came back in the morning, the white team had checkmated the black.  All the pieces, too, were in different poses than those they had been whittled into.  If at all possible, the figures looked even more lifelike than before.  After that, whenever someone set up the board and no one was looking, the pieces would somehow move to other places on the board and change their poses.  Interestingly, only Lirnot’s side would ever win because of such movements.
With a nice family, Lirnot was happy; he got accustomed to the occasional surprise and, like the rest of the family, developed a sort of knack for finding things that were hidden.  No longer fazed by finding his school supplies under Pimple in a pit in the backyard or in his sister’s backpack, Lirnot thought that he was prepared for anything.  Only later did he realize just how hopelessly unprepared he was to meet with the real world, which was even more irrational and haphazardly mazelike than his, as he thought, extremely unusual home.  In the real world, useful information and things were even harder to get at than the dinner table, the truth was better hidden than his school supplies, and the world was weirder than his parent’s idea of art. 


Too Weird to be False
========================

Lirnot squeezed out the window to get the mail, which Pimple had rushed to and was now guarding.  He threw a piece of dried jellyfish just close enough to Pimple to distract her.  Rushing forward to grab the mail, he nearly forgot the spring trap that was in his way and barely got away before Pimple returned to where the mail had been.  Nonchalantly, Lirnot climbed the side of the house in order to get to the trapdoor, since it was bad form to use the same way to get both in and out on one trip.  His good mood simply increased when he realized that he had just broken his record for getting the mail – five minutes.
He had gotten two letters.  One was a notification that he had earned 0.0079 cents for letting the bank have his 158.64 dollars that month.  The other was a modestly sized thin, light, reddish letter that seemed to be made of parchment with emerald green apparently handwritten calligraphic writing.

Mr.  L.  Ralfon
The mug room above the house
Kisner Dr.  Number 13
Everton
Boone

Lirnot almost dropped the letter before he checked himself.  Nobody but those in his family knew that he lived in the mug room, so the letter was merely a well-made jest.  Thinking this, Lirnot sauntered off to congratulate his siblings.
“Nice letter.  I like the ink,” he told them.
“…” Heeth looked at Lirnot.
“...” was Morn’s answer.
“You mean you guys didn’t send the letter!?” Lirnot exclaimed.
“Which letter?” Heeth and Morn asked simultaneously.
“This one,” Lirnot showed them the letter.  After staring blankly at the letter for a while and triple checking with their toy Bomb-Check-O-Matic, Heeth and Morn urged Lirnot to open the letter.  The letter contained a couple pieces of thin reddish parchment covered with the same calligraphic writing.  Just as he was about to start reading, someone knocked at the door.  Since their choice of entry was the door, they were naturally someone from the outside world; Mr.  And Mrs.  Ralfon wouldn’t knock at the door even if they forgot their keys – they would use the trapdoor.  Not a Ralfon, but close enough.  The woman at the door wore an aquamarine colored cloak and had blue hair.  She would fit right in with the family.  Her eyes were blue; her nails were blue; her skin was blue.
“Blue!” Lirnot said in surprise.  He had never seen someone who was so very monochromatic.  Nothing, not even her bootlaces, deviated from her extremely blue appearance.  She was, however, not blue.
“Yes.  That’s what I chose today.  Yesterday was red and the day before was yellow.  Tomorrow will be green.  The day after tomorrow will be maroon; the day after the day after tomorrow will be orange; the day after the day after the day after tomorrow will be purple; the day after the day after the day after the day after tomorrow will be silver; and the day after the day after the day after the day after the day after tomorrow will be yellow with orange polka dots.  Whew.  But, I shouldn’t be blabbing away – I’m boring you,” she rattled at breakneck speed.
“… Uh …” Morn stated.
“Sorry, I really speak too much.  Nice house, do you mind if I take a couple notes?  Your warthog is so cute; what is its name?  Is it male or female?  What does it eat?  It looks healthy.  Oops!  Please stop me if I start blabbing again.” she said so fast that none of the kids could understand her and without waiting for answers.
“Please say that again slower.” Heeth requested.
“Please stop me if I start blabbing again.”
“Excuse me, but who are you and why are you here?” Lirnot asked.  He was more than a little bewildered by this weird woman who had simply appeared on their doorstep and who was talking faster than the human mind could follow.
“Oh!  Where are my manners?  My name is Mary Slivster and I have come to tell you (wait a second, which of you?) that you are a wizard.  I don’t know who is you, but I know that one of you boys is a wizard.  Which of you is Lirnot?” Ms.  Slivster said at her accustomed pace.
“Uh…  My name is Lirnot and this house is a house of weird people, but none of us are quite bonkers – except possibly Pimple.  We aren’t quite gullible enough to simply believe that there are wizards, witches and magic.  While this house is kooky, it isn’t insane; that is the point that we try to make – the difference between unusual and insane.” Lirnot said while trying to figure out the best way to get Ms.  Slivster into the Insane Asylum.
“You are a wizard, however unbelievable you may find it.  Have you ever had something unusual happen when you were unhappy or excited?  Of course you have.  Have you?” Ms.  Slivster said in a manner that said that the conversation had entered an area that she was used to.  Come to think of it, Lirnot had some unusual things happen to him such as his hair changing color, his room cleaning itself, and his hair growing very quickly.  If one looked at things her way, he really was magical.  Could it be that he was a wizard? Lirnot wondered what the implications of that would be.
“Yes… I have had such… encounters”
“Well then, that’s settled.  Have you gotten the letter?”
“The letter?  Oh!  Yes.  I got a letter, but haven’t started to read it yet.  Let’s see…”
 
HOGWARTS SCHOOL OF MAGIC
Principal: Rowhert Dergham
(Order of Merlin, 3rd class; 5 time winner of the yearly “Best New Potion” award; previous head of the Department of Healing)
Dear Mr.  Ralfon,
We are happy to inform you that you are permitted to learn at the Hogwarts School of Magic.  Attached it a list of all the books and equipment you will need this year.  School Begins on the first of September.  Send an owl before the thirty-first of July.
With pleasure,
Joy Gerroth

As predicted by the letter, there was another piece of paper in the envelope.  Gingerly, Lirnot unfolded it and read it.

HOGWARTS SCHOOL OF MAGIC
Uniform
In the first year, students will require:
1.	Two sets of simple garb (black)
2.	A winter cloak (black, silver clasps)
3.	A simple cone hat (black)
4.	A pair of gloves (dragon skin, black)
5.	A pair of earmuffs (black)
Please note that all pieces of clothing must have name tags.
School Books
All student will require the following books:
‐	Miranda Habicht:Book of magic spells, Part 1
‐	Bathilda Bagshot:Story of magic
‐	Adabert Schwahfel:Theory of magic
‐	Emeric Wendel:Transformations for Dummies
‐	Phyllida Spore:A thousand magic plants and fungi
‐	Arsenius Bunsen:Magic potions and brews
‐	Newt Scamander:Amazing animals and where to find them
‐	Quirosh Sumint:Dark magic: how to defend yourself
Also required are
‐	1 Magic wand
‐	1 Cauldron (zinc, size: 2)
‐	1 Assortment of vials (glass or crystal)
‐	1 Telescope (minimum zoom: 5)
‐	1 Scale (brass, size: 3)
‐	1 Assortment tools (subcategory: potion)
‐	A couple Feathers
‐	A couple Ink wells (with ink)
It is permitted for children to bring one of the following:
‐	An owl
‐	A ferret
‐	A frog
‐	A cat
‐	A rat
PARENTS MUST REMEMBER THAT FIRST YEAR STUDENTS ARE NOT PERMITTED TO HAVE BROOMS.

 “Okay, where do I get these things and why shouldn’t someone have a broom? What is dangerous about a broom?” Lirnot asked.  His remaining doubts on Ms.  Slivster’s sanity were banished as he read the letter.  Nobody who was insane could produce such a thorough introduction to a non-existent school.
“You can get all those things and more in the Diagon Alley.  Brooms are for flying on and are, therefore dangerous.  You will need money to get your stuff, but you can exchange in Gringotts Wizarding Bank.  Where are your parents?  Not here yet?  I’ll wait till they come,” Ms.  Slivster said.
“Wait a second, I can buy the things diagonally and can exchange what in the Grin- something Bank?” Lirnot asked, thoroughly bewildered.
 “No no no.  It’s Diagon Alley, not diagonally.  You can exchange Muggle money for, well, wizard money in the Gringotts Wizarding Bank,” she explained patiently and started muttering under her breath and writing in a notebook with a feather pen.
“Well, as she is our guest, shall we show her around?” Morn asked, apparently not understanding things any better than Lirnot did.  Lirnot, Morn, and Heeth looked at each other for a moment.  That moment lengthened while Ms.  Slivster happily scratched away in her notebook.  The warthog sniffed her and she absently petted it without looking away from her work.  She only looked up when Pimple ate her feather.  Even that was merely long enough for her to find another feather.
“…“ Lirnot almost had time to speak before the chance passed by.  Discouraged, he turned away.  It was going to be a long, awkward wait before their parents arrived. 


Shopping
========================
When Mr. and Mrs. Ralfon arrived, they were mildly surprised, but quickly decided to go get Lirnot’s school materials.
